The first case we need to issue
a command that will list the dimension
names.
As we saw before, the function
names accomplishes that task.
In the second case we want
to show the first four rows.
We can do that using the function head.
And we also pass a second parameter, 4,
to specify how many rows
we want to display.
We can also use a different function
to display the first four rows,
but head is a pretty convenient one.
In the third case we
want to show the first row.
Well, the first option is
to just use head(Iris,1).
But here is another example Iris[1].
If we have a data frame and
we use square brackets with one
number in the middle 1,
we'll basically access the first row.
In the fourth case, we want the sepal
length of the first 10 samples.
We refer to the sepal length
column using the name notation.
So we use the $ operator followed by
the name of the corresponding column.
And then we need to apply
the index 1:10 to tell
R to return only the first 10 values.
Normally we need to refer to
the sepal length column using
iris.Sepal.Length syntax.
In some cases we may want to
use a shorter syntax,
just Sepal.Length, without the iris$.
We can do that by issuing
the function attach.